Fathers and sons cannot obey orders
Father Emperor
The people of the world have suffered from officials protecting each other for a long time
I started the imperial examinations
Recruit poor children into the house
Put yourself in the shoes of the people
But he Qin Zhan
He allowed his only son to steal other people's test papers
Send him to the top spot
If I don't punish
Then I am afraid that the heart of the children of the poor family in the world will be cold.
I never knew what you were thinking
But that was Qin Zhan
You go and apologize to your uncle right now, no?
Huang Achen forgives you
His Royal Highness still listened to the emperor's advice
Apologize to Prince Qin
Your Majesty is not well
Go to Qin Zhan bravely
The barracks are going to be reversed
You go and apologize to your uncle right now
I promise you, the prince, don't do it
Qin Zhan has 50,000 economic army in his hands
Once committed
The imperial palace fell
It's gone.
OK
Then invite Prince Qin into the palace
I want to apologize to him.
Apologize, I'd like to see it
When he sees Lao Tzu's mothership missile
Do you dare to apologize?
Just you.
I'm afraid it will be difficult to convince the prince
Why don't you invite Yan Xiang too?
Yeah, good point.
Then do as the Fourth Princess said